README.md, before:

# Pre-req

In order to run the application the following tools need to be installed
1) Java 21
2) Docker
3) Maven

# Running the application

You can run the application in a number of ways;

# Deploying the application

You can deploy the application to a dev environment using the [.github/workflows/build_and_deploy.yml](.github/workflows/build_and_deploy.yml) workflow. This will build and push the image to the central ACR in the `devopsutils` Resource Group. It will then deploy this image to the Web App. For more information see; [confluence](https://goddard-smith.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/nomad/pages/22020097/Platform)

Requirements;
1) The Nomad infrastructure must be deployed. See [confluence](https://goddard-smith.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/nomad/pages/24739951/Deployment+steps)

# Local development

### Using Docker-Compose

A docker-compose.yml file has been created in the root directory. This compose file;

- Builds the nomad java app using [./Dockerfile](./Dockerfile)
- Starts up a neo4j container with a health check (to ensure it has properly started)
- Runs the nomad app in a container once the neo4j container has tarted successfully.

Now you are ready to use docker-compose:

```
docker-compose up --build
```
> Note; you can omit the --build flag if you don't want to re-build the image (which includes a mvn build).

The application should now be running.

### Running the application with mvn or Intellij

You will need a Neo4j container running locally.


```
docker run --publish=7474:7474 --publish=7687:7687 -e 'NEO4J_AUTH=neo4j/mypassword' neo4j:5
```

# Getting logs



# Accessing Neo4j terminal

Sometimes it is useful to visualize the data in neo4j. You can get a terminal to the neo4j instance using 

```
http://localhost:7474/browser/
```

The pasword will be `mypassword`

Commit message:

NOM-49/readme-changes #8
This PR contains the following changes;

* Added database connection details to readme
* Removed SQL prefix on certain repositories

README.md, after:

# Pre-req

In order to run the application the following tools need to be installed
1) Java 21
2) Docker
3) Maven

# Running the application

You can run the application in a number of ways;

# Deploying the application

You can deploy the application to a dev environment using the [.github/workflows/build_and_deploy.yml](.github/workflows/build_and_deploy.yml) workflow. This will build and push the image to the central ACR in the `devopsutils` Resource Group. It will then deploy this image to the Web App. For more information see; [confluence](https://goddard-smith.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/nomad/pages/22020097/Platform)

Requirements;

1) The Nomad infrastructure must be deployed. See [confluence](https://goddard-smith.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/nomad/pages/24739951/Deployment+steps)

# Local development

### Using Docker-Compose

A docker-compose.yml file has been created in the root directory. This compose file;

- Builds the nomad java app using [./Dockerfile](./Dockerfile)
- Starts up a neo4j container with a health check (to ensure it has properly started)
- Runs the nomad app in a container once the neo4j container has tarted successfully.

Now you are ready to use docker-compose:

```
docker-compose up --build
```
> Note; you can omit the --build flag if you don't want to re-build the image (which includes a mvn build).

The application should now be running.

### Running the application with mvn or Intellij

You will need a Neo4j container running locally.


```
docker run --publish=7474:7474 --publish=7687:7687 -e 'NEO4J_AUTH=neo4j/mypassword' neo4j:5
```

# Getting logs

All logs are exported to Log Analytics Workspace under the `AppTraces` table

# Connection to Databases

### Local
Use user/pass when connecting to our database locally. Therefore:

```
export PGPASSWORD="mypassword"
psql -h localhost -U myuser -d mydatabase
```

### Cloud
We use passwordless authentication in cloud by using Managed Identities. The Postgres server is completely private unless your within our network. Currently Ive setup the Neo4j VM managed identity to have read/write access on all tables. Therefore SSH to that VM and run the following commands. We still have to generate the token to acces the server which can be done with the following;
```
export PGPASSWORD=$(az account get-access-token --resource-type oss-rdbms --query "[accessToken]" -o tsv)

psql -h psql-dev-uks-nomad-01.postgres.database.azure.com -p 5432 -U id-dev-uks-nomad-01-neo4j -d nomad -o tsv
```

# Accessing Neo4j terminal

Sometimes it is useful to visualize the data in neo4j. You can get a terminal to the neo4j instance using 

```
http://localhost:7474/browser/
```

The pasword will be `mypassword`
